[serverless] Attack Discovery UI updates (#5956)
elastic/security-docs: docs/AI-for-security/attack-discovery.asciidoc

> While Attack discovery is compatible with many different models, our testing found increased performance with Claude 3 Sonnet and Claude 3 Opus. In general, models with larger context windows are more effective for Attack discovery.

Author: ```suggestion
While Attack discovery is compatible with many different models, our testing found increased performance with Claude 3.5 Sonnet. In general, models with larger context windows are more effective for Attack discovery.
```
